# 834 Legend of the Galactic Heroes
### Background

In 2801 AD, the Galactic Federation is formed, which results in political power moving away fromthe planet Earth (now named Terra) and the Universal Calendar (UC) replacing the Gregoriancalendar. The human start to expand their territory into the depths of the Milky Way.In 799 UC, a battle broke out between two major military alliances, the Free Planet Alliance andthe Empire at Vermilion Starzone. Alliance admiral Yang Wen-li led an attack against Reinhardvon Lohengramm's fleet in an attempt to destroy the Brunhild and throw the invading Imperialfleets into confusion and disarra

### Description
Admiral Yang is quite good at organizing and embattling his army and often wins. In this finalbattle, he divides Vermilion Starzone into $30000$ colomn numbere $1...30000$. Then henumbers his battlebattleship with $1...30000$ as well and places $i$-th battleship at the $i$-th colomn to form a line formation. When the enemy is engaging, Admiral Yang will issue multiple **"gathering"** orders to gather most of his battleships to some particular columns for intensiveattack.

A **"gathering"** order is in the form of **M i j** , meaning that all the battleships in the samebattle group of the -th battleship move as a whole **(the order doesn't change)** to the **tail** ofthe battle group of the -th battleship. Here a battle group denotes all battleships in a samecolumn.

However, Reinhard is so experienced that he has already take the initiative strategically. Duringthe battle, he is able to monitor Yang's movement orders at any time through a hugeintellegence network. When Yang is ordering his fleet, Reinhard will send some queries to keepabreast of Yang's arrangement.

A query from Reinhard is in the form of **C i j** , indicating that Reinhard would like to knowwhether the -th and the -th battleship in Yang's fleet are in the same column. If so, he wants toknow the number of battleships between these two battleship.

As a senior programmer, you are asked to write a programme to analyze Yang's orders as well asanswer Reinhard's queries at the same time.

### Input
The first line contains one integer $N$, indicating the total number of instructions of order orquery.

Then follows $N$ lines, the -th line contains the content of the -th instruction, which is in one ofthe two given formats:

1. **M i j**: $i$ and $j$ are two integers, denoting the two battleships involved in this order Yangissues. It is guaranteed that the $i$-th abd the $j$-th battleships are not in the same columnwhen this order is issued.
2. **C i j**: $i$ and $j$ are two integer denoting the two battleships involved in this query thatReinhard would like to know their information.

### Output
Process all the input instructions in order:

If it is Yang's order, the arrangement of his fleet changes. Your programme should notice thatbut print nothing.

If it is Reinhard's query, print a single integer in one line denoting the number of battleship between the $i$-th and the $j$-th  battleship in the same column currently. Print $-1$ if the $i$-th and the $j$-th battleship are not in the same column.

### Sample Input/Output
#### Input
```
4
M 2 3
C 1 2
M 2 4
C 4 2
```
#### Output
```
-1
1
```

### Sample Explanation
Table of positions of battleships is as following.
<table>
        <tr>
            <th></th>
            <th>Column 1</th>
            <th>Column 2</th>
            <th>Column 3</th>
            <th>Column 4</th>
            <th>...</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Initial</td>
            <td>1</td>
            <td>2</td>
            <td>3</td>
            <td>4</td>
            <td>...</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>M 2 3</td>
            <td>1</td>
            <td></td>
            <td>3<br/>2</td>
            <td>4</td>
            <td>...</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>C 1 2</td>
            <td colspan="5">Print -1 as 1-th battleship is not in the same column of 2-th battlesh</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>M 2 4</td>
            <td>1</td>
            <td></td>
            <td></td>
            <td>4<br/>3<br/>2</td>
            <td>...</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>C 4 2 </td>
            <td colspan="5">Print 1 as there's 1 battleship (3-th) between 4-th battleship and 2-th battleship</td>
        </tr>
 </table>


### Constraint
$1\le N\le 2\times10^{5}$

In each instruction, $1\le i,j\le 30000$